Remove `purs bundle` and browser backend for `purs repl` (#4255)
purescript/purescript: CHANGELOG.d/breaking_remove-purs-bundle.md

> * Remove `purs bundle`; use another bundler like `esbuild`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove `purs bundle`

  Users of `purs bundle` should switch to a standalone bundler such as `esbuild`, `webpack` or `parcel`.
```
